okay Mike and I are playing dog with
heads and we're just got to find this
it's gonna pick 20 oh that's a good one
like you did good
I got a pick 20 yeah good good one
okay let's try that
dude
you're picking better you continue to
pay
at that 20 we want that 20 and we got it
went 20 20 20
oh my god Mike you were so lucky oh you
were so lucky
oh good we get times through all week at
times 3 oh this could be a tough sell
oh my god oh my god come on some big
hits now oh my god
times three - yeah let's see what
happens
I can mean suck yeah we got a lot of
spins
let's hope come on big one here big one
we started out really lucky we need more
than 60 bucks oh wow that helps because
it's times three come on big hit here
well I let you have two games you know
so you're gonna be re triggering it
let's do it a good come on this is
ridiculous
it has to be a big win come on come on
more than that baby come on big big win
30 spoons here 29
Oh Lord this is these are the worst
spins I are saying
well it threw us a little money there
but we got to see something big soon
oh come on mom
how about nine quick
oh I can't believe that was anything
this is really a sad bonus 450 spoons
unbelievable
well this is just sad
you get us some lots of crickets now
come on we deserve at least 500 oh my
lord
unbelievable
I blamed myself and my lousy luck this
trip
ah
I cannot believe with 50 spins this is
the bonus we're going we actually had 35
no we get you'll see the video when I
first heard we had more you had that
wild thing time spy we had 25 spins we
started out with and then it we
triggered and all I can say is 357
dollars and that me spins and dollar
quick hits sucks